manifest: Update sdk-mcuboot (#19717)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

The following list summarizes both the main changes inherited from upstream MCUboot and the main changes applied to the |NCS| specific additions:

> * Fixed:
> 
>   * An issue whereby cleanup of an unusable secondary slot might have erased the area 3 times instead of once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where an unusable secondary slot was cleared three times instead of once during cleanup.
```
